Let's say you are a Product Data Scientist at Instagram. How would you measure the success of Instagram TV product?

The success of Instagram TV product would solely be based on metrics which can actually be identified in a number of ways:
  a)Determining the views in an IGTV product which happens to go handy with the Average watch time. What show/product is being watched alot?
  b)The engagement that comes with using a particular IGTV product i.e: likes, comments, shares. What type of product gets the most attention? How much do people engage with the same?
    More often than not, engagement equates likeness and it is in this way you measure the success of a particular product
  c)Followers growth: what is the rate in which IGTV gets new followers? What is the precentage growth looking like? What triggers the mst following?
  d)Revenue that comes from IGTV ads also determines the success of an IGTV product. Are sales on the ris eor on the low?
  e)Watch retention: what does the consistnecy look like when it comes to people being on a particular IGTV product?

By having a look at this and even more factors, are number of things are established:
 1. Who is topping the charts? Popular IGTV product. What  categories are on the trend?
 2. Top IGTV Creators: who has the most followers? Could we have a look at their product and draw insights from the same on how we can improve a different product?
 3. What features do a particular IGTV product contain ans what's the reaction of users towards the same? Could a particular feature be the main catch that makes the
   custmers stick around?This goes handy now with the User satisfaction which is a key factor in determining the success of a product that is meant for users.

By analysing metrics of an IGTV product, we get to understand what is doing well and what is not. Reasons to the same are established. In this particular way you get to 
determine the success of IGTV product. It's all about numbers and conducting an exploratory data analysis using visualization tools
